What's really cool is like think about
combining the two apps that we did
previously.
Let's say you had a file and you wanted to
do something where it's like reading from
a file maybe parsing it and adding certain
things in at various like dominoes.
There's a whole bunch of ways
that you can like any given one
of these things kinda cool, right?
I think what is cooler is okay, what are
the if I could read from the file system,
if I could pull system information,
if I had logs that are writing
to standard out, right?
Could I grab that stream in node and
then build a UI on top of that,
that allowed me to search and
manipulate those logs, right?
The interesting part always is not
any given one of the very tractable,
reasonable things that your approach but
it's the like, okay, what is the bespoke
use case where some app doesn't exist
at my job or in my hobby, right?
Like the other day we were doing
one with Arduinos and Johnny-Five,
like one could theoretically
build a Johnny-Five ui, right?
And turn the LEDs on and off from here and
control the board directly.
All of those things become possible.
So my challenge to you is if
we go into the code here.
In application.tsx clipping has an on
remove, but it also has an on copy,
which is what like I'll give you
a hint when that gets triggered.
It's when somebody clicks that button,
right?
Could we take that, we already are wired
up some of the writing to the clipboard.
Could we just like, again, complete
the loop and get that piece in place?
And then we've got kind of like, we can
kinda then do some other cool things with
this app that involve like the OSS
integration, but let's like,
at least we can copy from the clipboard.
This app kinda stinks if
we can't do the opposite,
awesome Cool, cool, cool.
So I guess the other part is
writing to the clipboard,
where ideally we should be
able to just do on copy.
Let's look at the actual
implementation here, as I remember.
So button on click we, yeah, whatever
the copy is, we passed the value in,
which should work for
my writing to the clipboard, right.
Cool.
So we will go ahead and
try that out we'll say, on copy we'll
do window.api.writetoclipboard.
And now, if the world likes me,
I shouldn't even need to change anything.
Is a hotdog a really a form of taco?
Now, I should be able
to copy this clipboard.
Yes, I can now save important things that
I need to reuse over and over again.
2020 hindsight.
You know what this app would be
really good for, saving dank memes.
All right, that you need available to copy
to the clipboard at a moment's notice.
I think that's maybe what I
should have done with this.
And then you maybe save
it to the file system so
then you know exactly where to get them,
and you can see it as well.